Give it to me!
All...
...right!
They did it!
Well done!
That was no ordinary prefectural qualifier match.
I got goosebumps.
All right, time to line up!
Right!
Now we're tied at 1-1.
Don't get too cocky.
I won't.
Leap and fly! High!
Flecked with blood, sweat, and tears
Those glistening wings can let you leave it all behind
So just fly
H
a
i
S
e
k
y
c
u
o
n
u
d
!
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
Fly high
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Into the distant future
H
a
i
k
y
u
H
a
i
k
y
u
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
!
The bruise-covered fledgling glares up at the sky
As the ones who've just found their wings laugh derisively
They just want to see the ends of the ocean
Empty your mind
Let the headwinds guide your approach
And with a hop, step, and a jump
Leap and fly! High!
Let your wings, glistening with blood, sweat, and tears
Take you to wherever you need to go
Unleash your unrefined impulses
Uncover your instincts and bare your uncut fangs
It may take an arduous path
But be torn down it endlessly to achieve your dream
So just fly
Fly high
Into the distant future
Episode Twenty-five:
Declaration of War
Thank you for the match!
They did it, sir!
Yes.
It looked like...
he was actually able to predict
where Hinata was going to hit it.
If the ball didn't hit the blockers and change trajectory,
That was a very heartwarming match.
he might've gotten it.
Karasuno                Aoba Jousai
Nothing I say can change the results.
I can't lessen the bitterness you feel, either.
I'm sure there are moments you regret.
With that in mind, let me just say something:
You fought well.
Let's go thank the people in the stands.
How can I be the ace when I couldn't even land that spike?!
Thank you very much!
Hey, hurry up!
Yeah!
We fell over!
You guys are way too worked up!
Hinata, you moron! Moron!
Isn't it obvious that was going to happen?!
Don't ever forget this sight.
You goddamn moron!
We're definitely going to get our payback!
Yeah!
Apparently we're about to head out.
Okay.
Kageyama!
We're not gonna lose next time.
Or so he says.
Yeah.
Hey!
You guys were awesome!
Yay!
Big Sis!
Ryuu!
I'm amazed you dug up that one spike at the end! You looked awesome!
Thanks...
You know, I'm really happy for all the support,
but could you please stop calling me by my first name?
Don't be embarrassed!
Ow, ow, ow!
That was a great serve, Tadashi!
Thank you very much.
The last one! The last spike was amazing!
Thanks!
Thanks.
At the end, I couldn't help but remember our last match, so when I saw three blockers, it was quite chilling.
Just like when Azumane faced the Iron Wall,
Kageyama probably thought about the future and felt it best for Hinata to break through himself.
Actually, it might've been nothing more than instinct.
It's so amazing that you got through such a tall block!
At the end, the Great King reacted to my movements.
I thought he was going to get it.
He really is amazing.
Can you load up the bus when it comes?
I'm gonna go get everyone else.
Okay.
This is a warning, Oikawa.
Never take the wrong path again.
You took the wrong path.
There was a place where you
could've realized your true potential.
But because of your worthless pride, you didn't choose it.
So you're trying to tell me that I should've
gone to Shiratorizawa instead of Seijou, right?
No team is guaranteed to win.
If nothing else, I can say...
that my team is the best one here.
Wow, I see you're still laughably confident!
Worthless pride, huh?
That's true.
Listen up, Ushijima.
I've never once regretted my decision,
and my volleyball career isn't even close to over.
Don't you ever forget
my worthless pride.
Oh, yeah.
If you keep focusing on me,
you'll get stabbed from where you least expect it.
What's that supposed to mean?
My junior...
isn't smart, nor is he even close to my level yet...
but now that he's no longer alone, he's dangerous.
A murder of crows might even be able to kill the great white eagle.
Hey.
What the hell are you doing?
Hurry up and get your stuff onto the bus!
What's the matter?
Good fruit cannot be harvested from barren soil.
I'll show you just how much
we can grow from the concrete.
W-Wait!
The Japanese National High School Boys' Volleyball Tournament Miyagi Prefecture Qualifier
Finals
Shiratorizawa
vs.
Karasuno
Shiratorizawa
vs.
Karasuno
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
They all passed out like we expected.
Can't blame 'em.
They played two hard matches today.
I really appreciate all you've done, sir.
Where did that come from?
A team like ours who'd been struggling lately
got to play so many practice matches
with the powerhouse schools from Tokyo.
All I can say is that we were blessed.
You can't train without an opponent.
No matter how hard you try on your own, there are limits.
That we were able to regain our connection with Nekoma is a much bigger deal than you or these guys think.
You did something truly amazing.
What? No, I didn't...
If we win tomorrow, then you can praise me all you want.
I'll make sure to.
Okay! Grab your things and head
straight to the gym for a meeting!
Yessir...
You totally drooled again.
Gross.
My drool isn't gross!
Oh, they're back!
Congrats on making it to the finals!
Oh, Michimiya.
How did you know?
They just announced it over the loudspeakers.
It's amazing!
You beat Seijou and made it to the finals! It's just...
Amazing! It's crazy!
Your lack of vocabulary is crazy.
Wait, what happened to your face?!
Oh, it happened during one of our matches.
It looks worse than it is.
I see.
Hey, boys' volleyball team!
You guys are amazing!
Congrats!
Hinata! Kageyama! Well done!
Ma'am!
Thanks!
I'm gonna cheer you on tomorrow!
You better win!
Do your best!
They all stayed after school for us.
M-Sta Miyagi is about to start!
Good after-evening.
Good after-evening!
Today, at Sendai City Gymnasium in Tomizawa,
the quarterfinal and semifinal matches were held
for the Miyagi Prefecture Qualifiers of the
National High School Volleyball Tournament,
commonly known as Spring Volleyball Nationals.
Karasuno                                  Aoba Jousai
In the first match, Karasuno High School defeated the powerhouse school Aoba Jousai High School
to advance to the finals for the first time in years.
Seijou being eliminated in the semifinals was quite the surprise!
Indeed.
It was a well-balanced team headed by Oikawa,
so it's a shame that we won't see them in the finals.
C'mon! Show us a little more! We actually won!
Yeah, yeah!
Stop showing just Seijou!
This happens every time.
They lost in the semifinals. What do you expect?
The Champions' Dignity
Semifinals, Round 2
Next, we have the second round of the semifinals.
In this match, the school garnering attention rightfully won and moved on to the finals.
Here comes the headliner.
That would be Shiratorizawa Academy,
the team who won this tournament the last three years.
They're led by Ushijima Wakatoshi,
who has played for the under-19 national team.
Shiratorizawa Academy                                 Kesenuma West High School
Looks like they had no problems winning in straight sets.
Yes.
They finally have the roster to win nationals, which they have been seeking for years.
I think we can expect great things from them.
It'll be interesting to see how high Karasuno can climb against the powerful Shiratorizawa Academy.
The final will be broadcast live here at 11:00 AM.
Tomorrow: Volleyball Spring Tournament Finals: Live at 11:00!
Make sure to catch the match that will determine the Miyagi Prefecture representative!
Now, tomorrow we'll be going up against Shiratorizawa,
but in the three years since Oikawa joined Aoba Jousai,
they've never beaten Shiratorizawa.
Not even once.
That's why people call them...
undisputed champions.
Ushijima is a given, but the rest of the team are some of the best in the prefecture too.
It's no fluke that they're the best team in the prefecture.
Shiratorizawa is even better than what you guys are thinking.
No one actually thinks we're going to win.
Huh?
What is it, Hinata?
None of that matters!
Sir!
Hey, don't talk to the coach like that!
Oh, uh, I didn't mean it like that.
It's fine. Just say it.
R-Right.
No one thought that we were going to beat Seijou either.
That's why it doesn't matter...
Sir.
We're going to be the challengers again tomorrow.
Let's turn the tables on them.
Yes, sir!
"The fallen champs."
"The clipped crows."
No one will call you that anymore.
Those crows are now flying across the great blue sky with the wind under their wings.
And I'm sure that you guys can go anywhere.
Higher than anyone,
and farther than anyone!
All right, everyone. The time has come!
Let's win tomorrow and go to nationals!
Yeah!
Okay. Now get home and go to bed so that you aren't tired tomorrow.
Yessir!
All right, dismissed!
Kageyama.
Set for me.
Huh? Are they...
I knew it.
Yachi!
Could you throw us some balls?
You guys played two matches today, so you should go home and rest up.
If I went home right now, I'd be too worked up to sleep.
So please!
Please!
I'm ready!
Okay.
Yeah!
Give me one more!
Okay.
One more!
Yeah.
What's the matter, Yachi?
Oh! I'm sorry!
I just remembered something.
What?
The time you two got into that fight, I kept throwing balls to you like this.
Really?
What?! You don't remember?!
Hinata, you charged in and grabbed on,
and then Kageyama, you threw him on the ground.
I was really scared, you know!
O-Oh...
Sorry.
Oh, uh, I didn't mean it that way.
Watching the matches today got me thinking.
If I hadn't become a manager,
I wouldn't have gotten so worried
or excited watching today's matches.
Nor would I have felt the same passion and joy you guys did from winning.
It's probably all because I watched each of you work so hard to do something that you couldn't do before.
I never would've had that experience anywhere else.
So thank you!
No, we have you to thank!
You stayed with us through all our practices.
Without you, we might've never been able to master our new fast attack.
Really? A "Townsperson B" like me was able to help?
Of course!
You're the best Townsperson B in all of Tohoku!
Is that even a compliment?
Of course it is!
If you're actually thankful too, then say something!
Okay.
Thanks.
Is that all?
There's all sorts of other things to say!
Shut up! I thanked her, didn't I?!
I-It's okay...
What are you doing?
Sh-Shimizu?!
Making sure to rest is another important way to prepare for your next match.
S-Sorry!
Come on! That's enough!
Let's clean up!
What?
Come on, hurry up!
Okay...
We got in trouble because of you.
You wanted to practice too, didn't you?
I'm sorry for helping them practice.
No, it's fine.
Actually, thanks for practicing with them.
Right!
Hitoka, it's already dark out,
so let's go to the bus stop together.
O-Okay!
Hinata and Kageyama, make sure to head
straight home after you're done cleaning up.
Right!
I wonder how the Little Giant felt the day before the finals.
I'm super nervous, but...
isn't it even more exciting now?!
We're going to win tomorrow.
Yeah!
m -3 982.5 l 1923 982.5 1923 1083 -3 1083
When I was just a nobody, something lit up my eyes
I was merely a guy languishing complacently in the dark, happy with what I had
Now I'm torn toward the heavens even on a starless night
Whether our time comes to us or not is a matter for those in another world
That's right, our lungs pumping and our hearts beating is all we have in this new realm
We've always been dancing on an unlit stage, but now beyond that
We're awaiting the rising of a sun that none have yet witnessed
Now that we're deliberating at a crossroads, paths blurring together
We can feel it
Inside this uncharted world which has yet to take on a name
As I'm waiting for the dawn to reach my eyes with a familiar light
I'm reminded of days I won't return to, and seeking proof of newfound existence
We brace ourselves
Seriously though, I didn't expect Karasuno to make it all the way to the finals.
They beat Seijou, so maybe they're becoming a powerhouse again.
Oh, speak of the devil.
It's Ushiwaka.
H-Hey!
Hinata Shouyou.
Kageyama Tobio.
We made it to the finals.
We, who grew from the concrete,
will beat you and go to nationals!
I look forward to it.
Let's meet on the court.
Damn it...
I wanna play him right now!
All right! We're definitely going to the spring tournament!
Yeah!